In this lecture, we are about to learn:
    (i) Background-image
    (ii) Background-repeat
    (iii) Background-size
    (iv) Background-position
    (v) Inserting multiple images
    (vi) Inserting an image inside a box
    (vii) Background-origin
    (viii) Background-clip
    (ix) Background-attachment

Background-image
To use an image as background of a webpage, article and paragraph, we have following techniques:
    (i) image()
    (ii) linear-gradient()
    (iii) radial-gradient()
    (iv) repeating-linear-gradient()
    (v) repeating-radial-gradient()
    (vi) url()
Firstly, we use option 'url()' to insert an image. It is used for 'body' tag.
Simply type 'background-image:url();'
Within these (), just write full path of the image.
If image's size is small, browser automatically repeats the image.
if image's size is large, browser automatically drops the extra image.

Background-repeat
It is used to control the repetition of an image.
It has five values, i.e. repeat, no-repeat, repeat-x, repeat-y and round.
Its default value is repeat.
To stop repetition, use property 'background-repeat:no-repeat;'.
To get horizontal repetition, use property 'background-repeat:repeat-x;'.
To get vertical repetition, use property 'background-repeat:repeat-y;'.
To get an image adjusted within a box, in this case the size of an image enhances automatically, 
use property 'Background-repeat:round;'.
To get an image adjusted within a box, in this case the original size of an image remains in 
contact but the space around that image enhances, use property 'Background-repeat:space;'.

Background-size
It is used to adjust background-size of an article or webpage.
It has two values, i.e. cover (for webpage) and contain (for an article)
To get full background of a webpage, use property 'background-size:cover'.
In case of a specific size, we have to provide width and height of an image.
To get specific size in pixels, use property 'background-size:500px 500px'.
To get specific size in percentage, use property 'background-size:50% 50%'.
To get background of a box or specific enclosed area where we want to insert an image, use property 
'Background-size:contain;'.

Inserting Multiple images
We can insert multiple images at the same time, like 
background-image:url("C:/Gallery/colour_bubble.jpg"),
                 url("C:/Gallery/water_molecule_chemistry.jpg"), 
                 url("C:/Gallery/water_molecule_graphical.jpg"), 
                 url("C:/Gallery/water_molecule_picture.jpg");
However, these images will be repeated automatically.
To overcome this difficulty, use property 'background-repeat:no-repeat;'.
Now, all images will be placed above each and other.
To adjust size of these images, provide width and height for that use property 
'background-size:300px 300px'.
Yet, the position of these images towards x-axis and y-axis is to be defined.
To get x-axis position, use property 'background-position:0px 0px, 200px 0px, 400px 0px, 600px 0px'.
To get y-axis position, use property 'background-position:0px 0px, 0px 200px, 0px 400px, 0px 600px'.

Background-position
The background-position is used to control the position of an image.
It can be used in pixels like:
for x-axis 'background-position:0px 0px, 200px 0px;' and 
for y-axis 'background-position:0px 0px, 0px 200px;'
It can be used in percentage, as well, like
for x-axis 'background-position:0% 0%, 100% 0%;' and 
for y-axis 'background-position:0% 0%, 0% 100%;'
It can be adjusted as per your need by using properties like, left, right, top, bottom, centre, 
top left, top right, top centre, bottom left, bottom right, bottom centre, left centre, 
right centre etc.
Its default position is top left.

Background-origin
This property is used for an image contained in a box.
It has three values namely padding-box, border-box, content-box.
To get image of a box from its padding, use property 'background-origin:Padding-box;'.
(This is default property)
To get image of a box from its border, use property 'background-origin:border-box;'.
To get image of a box behind its content, use property 'background-origin:content-box;'.

Background-clip
This property is used for background color contained in a box.
It has also three values namely padding-box, border-box, content-box.
To get color of a box from its border, use property 'background-clip:border-box;'.
(This is default property)
To get color of a box from its padding, use property 'background-clip:Padding-box;'.
To get color of a box behind its content, use property 'background-clip:content-box;'.

Background-attachment
This property is used to have control over (i) the background image and the content of the page; and 
(ii) the enclosed image and content of a box.
It has three values namely fixed, scroll and local.
The values, i.e. scroll and fixed, are used for background image.
The value, i.e. local, is used for enclosed image within a box.
To get the background image scroll with the content of page, use property 'background-attachment:scroll;'.
(This is default property)
To get the background image fixed and scroll the text only, use property 'background-attachment:fixed;'.
To fix the content within a box, use property 'overflow:auto'.
To get the image scroll within a box, use property 'background-attachment:local;'.
(It is fixed by default)

Background-linear-gradient() and background-repeating-linear-gradient()
The smooth combination of two or more colors is called gradient. 
Linear Gradient produces horizontal design. Repeating Linear Gradient produces diagonal design.
It can be joined in the value of background-color value.
The details of which will be discussed later on.