Box Model
It consists of four parts, namely Content Box, Padding, Border and Margin.
Content Box is the most inner part of Box Model and contains our content.
Padding is the area between content and the border.
The third thing is border itself.
Margin is the space outside border around all four sides.
The size of a box is equal to the size of content box, both sides of padding & border.

Border Properties
The following is the list of some border properties:
(i) Border-style
(ii) Border-width
(iii) Border-color
(iv) Border-radius
(v) Border-image

Border-style
Border-style refers to the types of border, i.e. solid, dotted, dashed, double, groove, ridge, 
inset, outset, none, hidden etc. 
If two values are provided for Border-style, top/bottom will be horizontal and left/right 
will be vertical.
Note that border-style can be applied at any side, like border-top-style:dashed.
If four values are provided for border-style, all sides will be different from each and other.
Border-style works in clock-wise, starting from top, right, bottom and left.

Border-width
Border-width refers to the width of border, i.e. thin(1px), medium(2px), thick(4px) or any value in pixels.
If one value is provided for width, its all four sides will be equal.
If one value with auto is provide, top/bottom will take width and auto will place text or image in center position.
If two values are provided for width, first will be horizontal and second will be vertical.
If four values are provided for width, all sides will be different from each and other.
It has also four directions, starting from top, right, bottom and left.

Border-color
Border-color refers to the color of border. Like width, color may also be different.
Heading and paragraph may also have border. 

Border-radius
Border-radius refers to rounding off the four corners of border. It works crossed from top left to bottom right.
if four values are taken, then it works clock-wise. It can also be used in percentage rather than pixels.If 50% 
value is used, it will create an oval shape if width and height of box are different, other-wise a circle.

Border-image
An image can also be applied onto a border of a box.
It has the following properties, like width, outset, repeat, source, slice.
To insert a ready-made border, use property 'border-image-source:url(complete path of the file);'. 
But this property inserts the border at the four corners of a box. 
To adjust the border around all sides of a box, first take edge's size with the use of select 
option from MS Paint, and then use property like 'border-image-slice:30px;'.
To have equal-distance of border's design around the box, use property 'border-image-repeat:round;'. 
We have already known that it has four values namely repeat, round, space and stretch. 
Its default value is stretch.
To create some distance of a border to its box, use property 'border-image-outset:30px;'.
To enhance border width, use property 'border-image-width:40px;'.
An image may also be inserted as border, yet its size should be at least same as of the box.
We can also make a border of our choice by using 'Border Image Generator' website, absolutely free of cost.

Box-shadow Property
This property is used to create the shadow of a box. To use it, remove border first.
It can be used like that 'box-shadow: values in px ;
It has five values, i.e. horizontal, vertical, ballure, spread, color, 

Margin Property
Margin is a group property and used widely in a web-page. 
To have margin from browser windows, we use * and within central brackets taken margin and 
padding as zero, so to maintain default margin.
If one value is used for margin, it will be equal to the all four sides.
If two values are used like 'margin:40px auto;', its mean top & bottom margin is 40px and 
left & right margin is auto.
If four values are used, it start from top, right, bottom and left.
We have also side-wise margin, like margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, margin-left.

Padding Property
Padding refers to space between border and text/content. It has also four directions, starting 
from top, right, bottom and left. We should use padding property as least as possible.

width property
If one value is provided for width, its all four sides will be equal.
If one value with auto is provide, top/bottom will take width and auto will place text or image in center position.
If two values are provided for width, first will be top/bottom and second will be left/right.
If four values are provided for width, all sides will be different from each and other.
It has also four directions, starting from top, right, bottom and left.

Width - min and max.
In HTML5, we have already studied about responsive pictures, where we provided different sizes of devices and change of 
pictures as per fixed criteria. This was done by using picture tag. 
However, in CSS, this will be done by using width - min and max property.
To get the responsive size, press f-12 from your keyboard and also press button 
toggle device toolbar.
You will see the following sizes: Mobile Small 320px, Mobile Medium 375px, Mobile Large 425px, 
Tablet 768px, Laptop 1024px
To have responsive size, we will use width in percentage or use responsive sizes.
How to create a responsive web-site will be discussed later on.