Block Elements:
These take full space of a line till end of page as per screen size.
The following are the examples of block elements; paragraphs, headings, lists, forms, divisions.

Inline Elements:
These take only require space and break the line, like anchor tag, table, span.
We can not enhance the width and height of a inline element. But left and right margin be fixed.

Inline-Block Elements:
These act like inline elements but their width and height may be fixed, like image.

Display Properties:
none (hides an element), block (converts inline element into block 
element), inline (converts block element into inline element), 
inline-block (an inline element acts like a block but not show block 
property), list-item (creates unordered list), inherit (inherent properties 
of its parents), initial (restore default property of its own), content,
grid, flex (set all division in a line), inline-grid, inline-flex (erase 
extra space of a division), run-in, table, inline-table, 
table-caption, table-cell, table-row, table-column, table-row-group, 
table-column-group, table-header-group, table-footer-group etc.

Visibility Properties
Display Property removes an element from the web-page, so layout of the 
page is twisted but Visibility property keeps the white space and keep the 
layout intact. It has three values, i.e. hidden, collapse (used on table)
and visible.

Cursor Properties:
cursor: value of cursor;
These are the some cursor positions: wait, not-allowed, zoom-in,
zoom-out, grabbing, help, default, no-drop, copy, move, none, text, grab,
url, alias, pointer, progress, auto, cell, all-scroll, context-menu etc.

Overflow Property:
This property controls the flow of content of a Box Model. It has four values, like 
visible (default), hidden (hides the overflowed content & no more visible), scroll (shows scroll)
and auto (do scroll but scroll bar is not visible).

Float Property:
It is used to give position to various elements, present in a single division.
Specially, it is used with images. Do not use for setting layout of web-page.
If you want space between image and the content, always provide padding to the left of image.
It has only four values, i.e. none (default), inherit (inherit from parent), left and right.

Clear Property:
It is used to give position to various elements, present in a single division.
Specially, it is used with content. Do not use for setting layout of web-page.
It has only five values, i.e. none (default), inherit (inherit from parent), left, right & both.