Flex Property or Flex Box
It gives our web-site a flexible layout without the use of 'float' and 
'position property'.
In fact, it aligns/ arranges inside boxes within a single outside box.
The outer box, acts like the parent, called 'flex-container' or 'container'.
The inner boxes, act like the children, called 'flex-child-items' or 'child-items'.
The x-axis or Main-axis is in the horizontal direction. The size of main side
is called "Main-Size" and have two points, i.e. Main Start & Main End, from
left to right.
The y-axis or Cross-axis is in the vertical direction. The size of cross side
is called "Cross-Size" and have two points, i.e. Cross-Start & Cross End, from 
down to top.

Properties of Flex-Container and Flex-Child-Items:
Both has separate but certain properties;

Display Property:
It is used to make the layout of a web-page flexible, like display: flex;

Flex-Direction (For flex-container):
It has four values, i.e. row (default), column, reverse row, reverse column.

Flex-Wrap (For flex-container):
It has three values, i.e. nowrap (default), wrap, wrap-reverse

Flex-flow (For flex-container):
In this property, we can combine flex-direction and flex-wrap properties, 
like flex-flow: wrap row;

Gap Property (For flex-container):
It produces gap between flex-children and usually used in place of margin property, like 
gap:10px; It has two directions, i.e. row-gap and column-gap.

Justify-Content (For flex-container):
It works with main or horizontal axis and controls the child's alignment, i.e. the inner boxes 
and has following values, i.e. space-between, space-around, space-evenly, flex-start, flex-end, 
center etc. If we use this property, there is no need to use gap property.

Align-Item (For flex-container)
It works with cross or vertical axis like justify-content property. It has the following values
center, flex-start, flex-end, baseline, stretch (default).

Align-Content (For flex-container)
It controls the distance between two rows in vertical direction. Its values are same as of 
justify-content has have.

Order (For flex-child-items):
It controls 'order' of flex-child-items. The default order is 0, as you keep on increasing 
order number, the child-item will go at the end.

Flex-Grow & Flex-Shrink(For flex-child-items)
The flex-grow controls growth of flex-child-item at double speed as compared to normal growth 
rate of the rest child-items. The flex-shrink functions in opposite way. The by default value 
of flex-grow is 0 and by default value of flex-shrink is 1. 

Flex-Basis (For flex-child-items)
It provides a particular width to a specified child-item on main-axis.

Align-Self (For flex-child-items)
It spread in vertical direction as per defined value.