How to create Animations in CSS:
Before proceeding further, we have to learn some advanced properties;

Transform Property:
transform: translate();
This moves an object in a linear line in horizontal, vertical directions. Its values are 
translate, translateX, translateY, translateZ etc. The translate function takes values in pixels. 
translateX: If value is positive, from left to right, if negative, from right to left.
translateY: If value is positive, from top to bottom, if negative, from bottom to top.
Translate: It can take two values at a time.

transform: scale();
This can stretch or shrink an object. Its values are scaleX, scaleY, scaleZ, scale. The scale 
function takes value in numbers. Its default value is 1.

transform: rotate();
This can rotate an object. Its values are rotateX, rotateY, rotateZ, rotate. The rotate function
takes value in degree.

Transition Property:
This provide time interval for the event happening. It may be used with transform.  It not only 
provide time effect but also can be applied to a specific object, like transition: 
background 1s (object with time), transform 0.5s 1s linear (action-time and delay-time);

Note that rate of change may be controlled by using ease (default), linear (constant), 
ease-in (start slow and takes pace), ease-out (start fast and slows down).

Making Key-frames:
Before making a key-frame, we have to create an environment by using 'position: relative'. After
setting that we have to create a division anywhere in that environment. This division will be 
design as 'position: absolute'. Now, take an object, required to be animated, and set it as
'position: absolute' with the selected division.
At this stage, we are ready to make a key-frame, like @keyframe frame_name{mode of animation};
In the animated object corner, set 'animation-name' (frame_name) and animation-duration (time).
The basic animation is here to br displayed.

The 'animation-fill-mode' tells us about the behavior of animated object. Its has four values, 
i.e. none (default), forwards, backwards, both. The 'animation-delay' waits the start of 
animating till the desired time.
The 'animation-iteration-count: infinite;' repeats the occurrence till the dooms day.
The 'animation-direction' set the direction of the animated object. It has an value called
'cubic-bezier(). It takes four numeric values separated by comas.
The animation-timing-function: linear; controls the speed of animated object. It is similar to 
transition property.
